what's up YouTube powder is here and
today I'm gonna give you guys the top 4
deck profile from ycs Miami and this is
the top four category otk stunned deck
ran by Desmond Johnson so this was one
of the more interesting decks that ever
wanted to see someone give you guys my
thoughts on this deck so yeah um credit
for this profile goes to slim extreme
symmetry and Kiko 25 X so if you guys
want to watch the live deck profile both
of them got the deck profile from
Desmond Johnson so if you guys want to
see that I'll leave a link to those in
the description below and go check out
their channel they got some great stuff
on their channels as well so without
further ado I'm going to get into the
profile so first up we have three
category Komachi ninny she's um this is
basically your double summon or lets you
summon two times there's a really good
monster um it's a tuner as well so
pretty much lets you go into those quick
sync replace just because allows you to
summon another one alongside itself so a
really good card right here um he ran
three category merchants um crowd of
your merchants a decent car as well it
searches out all the categories you need
from your deck so it's a searcher so
pretty good and then he ran three
category strategists strategies is a
really good tuner as well um it also has
a good effect in which it can change a
battle position of a monster so changing
battle positions in categories triggers
a lot of effects as well as lets you put
counters on like your anatomy and stuff
like that so it's really good it helps
out a category engine so strategist is
really good and then he ran one category
ninja quick quick is also really good
brings out a monster from your graveyard
if he destroys something by battle
and then he also ran a to category
soldiers soldiers not bad when it's
destroyed by battle you can special
summon a level-4 lower category from
your deck so um this one's a little bit
slower though I mean obviously have to
wait for it to be destroyed but it helps
you set up for your combos and stuff so
yeah and then he went three psychic
commander this is a good addition to his
deck because it helps speed it up he
tried to make the deck really aggressive
so he added these psychic commanders
along with the emergency teleports so it
helps speed up the deck a lot get them
into a synchro plays really fast and OTC
a faster and then he ran three solar
wind jammers so according to him this
was one of the best cards in the deck
this helped the deck improved so much
once this card came out so solar wind
jammer pretty much it's like cyber
dragon you special summon it and solo 5
and then you can summon like your
strategist or whatever and go into like
a level 8 synchro and then once you go
into your boo raise or burritos both of
them have the effect that special summon
upon their summon so they can special
summon from the deck once they are
synchro summon and then it keeps your
combos going so it's really good and
that's how this deck can otk pretty fast
for the spells you meant to conakry
anatomy so it's kind of similar to 6am
united in where you switch battle
positions and puts counters and then you
can draw he ran one conakry cash cash a
this card's okay and it basically just
adds a level for lower category and you
can also change the battle position to
trigger an effect or whatever you want
3d synchros I think this card is really
good basically especially in this deck
basically what you do is you can sink
for like a brayer burrito and then when
both of them when either of them are
summoned they can special summon a
monster from the deck and then once that
happens you can activate this card to D
single them and bring out the monsters
that made them
and then sink for the same guy again
whichever one you made previously and
then a plus off of them once again so
it's really good it allows you to plus
more and get out more monsters to help
otk faster he ran 3e teles for his
second commanders obviously to help sink
faster and then he also meant three
instant fusions for more fast Cinco
spamming and then we got to ms tease one
reborn one heavy and one avarice no dark
hole because he had a lot of field
presents majority of the time and then
for the traps we have to solve morning
oneself judgment and to royal decrees
for the side deck you meant three cyber
dragons cyber dragons really good to
bait out back row as well as get over
Thunder King and stuff so really good on
to Baylor's for like wind-ups rabid
whatever firefish um 2nite beams really
good against mermail against an abyss
sphere and get rid of more back row for
like fire fists and stuff wind-ups
rabbit on 2d fisher again good against
many decks and then he had to light
imprisoning to soldiering and two goes
and match for the extra deck he has to
cybersource so this is instant fusion
target he only ran to because he said
that you usually won't use three instant
fusions in one duel so he only needed
two for the syncros he has catastor and
beast as his level fives piece is really
good in this deck um it locks down so
many decks because using spells is
really crucial so pieces of in your car
to go into three breweries so boo raised
really good obviously helps one lando a
slanderous is a really underrated card
negates effects as long as you have
spells to discard so he would have
probably some dead spells once in a
while and one black rose for the seventh
for his rank eight are not ranked cakes
love awaits he ran three boo raised
subbu raised similar to
boo or burrito this is burrito so three
burrito similar to boo ray keeps your
combos going brings out another monster
and plussing off of when you change
battle positions because you can draw
card and then you ran one Stardust and
one scrap guy in and one zenmaines for
zexy so let me know you guys think about
categories and what you thought about
this guy's kind of query otk stun deck
and yeah stay tuned for more why she is
Miami deck profile such analysis and
that's about it I'll talk to you later
thank you for watching like comment
subscribe and that's about it peace